Feature/externalOIDs (#302)
a-sit-plus/signum: docs/docs/indispensable.md

* `BigInteger.decodeFromAsn1ContentBytes()`
* `encodeToAsn1Primitive()` produces an ASN.1 primitive  `BigInteger`
* `encodeToAsn1ContentBytes()` producing the content bytes of an `Asn1Primitive` for `BigInteger`

### Notes on Object Identifiers
In addition to PKI-related data structures, a (rather bloated) `KnownOIDs` object is available.
It contains all ASN.1 object identifiers from Peter Guttmann's
[dumpasn1.cfg](https://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/dumpasn1.cfg).
Hence, handy constants such as `KnwonOIDs.ecdsaWithSHA256` are available, but also rather obscure ones such as
`KnownOIDs.asAdjacencyAttest`.

`KnownOIDs` also contains human-readable descriptions of all `KnownOIDs` constants, which tie into exposed through the `ObjectIdentifier.describe()` mechanism:

> One call to `ObjectIdentifer.Companion.describeKnownOIDs()` attaches descrptions to all OIDs contained in `KnwonOIDs` (subsequent calls are a NOOP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One call to `ObjectIdentifer.Companion.describeKnownOIDs()` attaches descriptions to all OIDs contained in `KnownOIDs` (subsequent calls are a NOOP).
```

> This is useful for debugging, but never called by default.

Reviewer: do we really expect users to manually call this method? I don't like it

Author: alternatives? yes, you can make this quasi-automatic as part of the KnownOIDs constructor but then it will sometimes be there, sometimes not, depending on whether you referenced it or not
